I don't want to dive too deeply into connecting our inputs,
we'll do that in another module but I want to connect place input so that we can actually generate
new places. To do that,
we need to manage the value of place input here in this component,
so what I'll do is I'll add a state property to this component and there, I'll add a place name property
which is an empty string by default. Now I want to connect this to the place we enter here in place input,
we have a look at the place input component, there
we obviously have an onChangeText handler but we handled the entire state of the place name internally
here.
Now what I want to do is I also want to pass it to the outside world so that I get the latest
value there too,
so what we can simply do is we can remove the placeNameChangedHandler, we can remove the internal
state, we could convert this to a functional component,
so why don't we do that,
let's turn it to place input which gets props and then just returns some jsx,
so let's just return some jsx and adjust the export name,
so this is how quickly you can turn this into a functional component.
And now we connect value to this props place name, so we expect to get this from outside and here
this is connected to this props onChangeText so that we can listen on this prop from outside
too and the value will be forwarded automatically.
Now in the share place component where we have the place name, we can go to place input and set place name
equal to this state
place name,
so the state property we just added and then add a new method here, placeNameChangedHandler maybe
where we get the value and where we then simply store this, where we set this set state
and set the place name there to the value and the placeNameChangedHandler is what we connect to the
OnChanged,
onChange
I guess it was, onChangeText. So onChangeText should be connected to this new handler,
so the placeNameChangedHandler, lets also distribute this over multiple lines.
This is now the setup for the place input,
now we also get the placeAddedHandler where we want to dispatch the action, here
I now first of all want to check if this state place name, if we trim it, if its unequal to an empty
string,
only in this case we want to dispatch it
otherwise we won't do anything because otherwise, it's an invalid value.
So now the missing piece is to connect this button,
so let's add onPress here and let's connect it to this.placeAddedHandler.
Let's save all of that and let's go back to the application and reload it
and I get an error,
Let's have a look at place input, this props of course is wrong,
it's a functional component should be just props, we get it as an argument here.
So let's save this and let's reload the application,
now let's submit and go to share place
and now if I enter test here and I click share the place, I get an error because in placeAddedHandler,
we still expect the place name, that's no longer the case
though, we get no meaningful argument here,
none that we need at least.
Instead what we want to dispatch here is this state place name, that is where we now manage the place
name,
so let's adjust this function in the share place component.
And now with that, if we reload the application and also reload it on Android,
now if I share a place here,
now we get the place here again. So we can share multiple places and we can still go there,
that still works
as before.
So with that, the share place component is finished for the moment at least.